now what do you think I asked you what
it's like knowing that you gonna be
signing a very first upper deck football
cards today oh that the excitement yeah
it's cool we're excited about I know
everybody is out here it's a cool chance
for us to kind of you know give back to
our fans a little bit let them kind of
understand what we're about and excited
about it let me ask you through the
years you probably signed a few game
programs a few napkins it's something
unique about signing a trading card out
with you a picture on it oh yeah I mean
we are used to collect them as a kid you
know and being able to to look back and
think about the cool rookie cards that I
had as a kid and and and now how my own
is pretty special now do you enjoy sign
up for the fans tell me a little bit
about that oh yeah absolutely i'm all
for giving autographs to people and you
know it's it's a way for them to kind of
get into our life and for us to connect
to him what's the most unusual thing
you've ever been asked to autograph i
autographed a prosthetic leg one time
prosthetic leg I from Georgia now do you
have any signatures in your private
collection former football players Hall
of Famers guys that you've idolized
through the years yeah I have Troy
Aikman jimmie johnson signed football a
bunch of autographs really what are
those mean to you inspiration yeah
absolutely especially growing up you
know and and I know a lot of people
collect them later on and in lie too so
it's it's a fun thing to have as far as
your most cherished memory playing
college ball ooh um as far as games go
probably the florida and alabama game in
07 they were great ones good winds for
our program makes you the most valuable
rookie this year I think the quarterback
position you know it's such a huge part
of the game and a team leader offensive
leader obviously even got it it helps
win a bunch of ballgames and and I
hopefully I'll be able to do that for my
team which makes me pretty valuable now
let me ask you about just playing in
Detroit are you excited you're going
into a franchise that just came off a no
116 season looks like you got your work
cut out for ya absolutely you know they
they struggle assed year for sure but
it's gonna be a great opportunity you
know if you win a bunch of games and uh
then it's a great thing for the city
it's going through a tough time so
hopefully we can help mount you win one
game you're you're here oh yeah right
absolutely the toughest move here making
the transition from college to the pros
what's going to be your biggest her life
I think you know especially as a rookie
learning the playbook you know it's so
much different than it is in college and
you know you learn some in college for
three and a half years and then you got
to forget it and try to learn something
new now as far as like playing the
professional leagues though tell me
about that move to the big leagues I
mean this is something you dreamed about
since you were yet oh absolutely it's
what we all work so hard for it and just
having this opportunity is awesome
you